docs(book): fix drifted source links in the count group-by chapters (#3974)
dashevo/platform: book/src/drive/count-index-group-by-examples.md

## Queries in this Chapter

> All proof-size and behaviour numbers below come from the same bench helper (`report_group_by_matrix`) as chapter 29's. The dispatcher's group_by surface validation lives in [`DriveDocumentCountQuery::detect_mode`](https://github.com/dashpay/platform/blob/v4.0-dev/packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/mode_detection.rs); the per-mode path-query builders sit in [`packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/path_query.rs`](https://github.com/dashpay/platform/blob/v4.0-dev/packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/path_query.rs) (the group-by modes route to `distinct_count_path_query` and `carrier_aggregate_count_path_query`).

Reviewer: <!-- thepastaclaw-review v1 finding=84431ddef276 dedupe=7651eb50687937ba -->
**🟡 Suggestion: group_by surface validation link points one layer too deep**

The rewritten sentence sends readers to `DriveDocumentCountQuery::detect_mode` for the dispatcher's group_by surface validation, but `detect_mode(where_clauses, mode: CountMode, prove)` already receives a derived `CountMode` (Aggregate / GroupByIn / GroupByRange / GroupByCompound) — the raw request-level `group_by` shape is validated and mapped to `CountMode` upstream in drive-abci's `compute_aggregate_mode_and_check_limit`. `detect_mode` still validates the (mode, where, prove) tuple, so the current wording is not wrong, but since this PR is specifically correcting drifted source references, it's worth distinguishing the two layers so readers land on the code that actually inspects `group_by`.

```suggestion
All proof-size and behaviour numbers below come from the same bench helper (`report_group_by_matrix`) as chapter 29's. The v1 query handler maps the request's `group_by` shape to `CountMode` in [`compute_aggregate_mode_and_check_limit`](https://github.com/dashpay/platform/blob/v4.0-dev/packages/rs-drive-abci/src/query/document_query/v1/compute_aggregate_mode_and_check_limit/v0/mod.rs), then Drive validates and routes the `(CountMode, where, prove)` tuple in [`DriveDocumentCountQuery::detect_mode`](https://github.com/dashpay/platform/blob/v4.0-dev/packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/mode_detection.rs); the per-mode path-query builders sit in [`packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/path_query.rs`](https://github.com/dashpay/platform/blob/v4.0-dev/packages/rs-drive/src/query/drive_document_count_query/path_query.rs) (the group-by modes route to `distinct_count_path_query` and `carrier_aggregate_count_path_query`).
```

<sub>source: ['codex']</sub>
